Replace general/osu! ranking criteria glossaries with stubs and links (#3504)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Beatmap_Editor/Song_Setup/Primary_metadata_source/en.md

---
tags:
  - metadata
  - song metadata
  - source
---

# Primary metadata source

An **primary metadata source** is a source for `Artist`, `Title`, and `Source` fields in a [beatmapset's metadata](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor/Song_Setup#song-and-map-metadata) officially promoted by the artist or their label.

> An artist's website, their label's website, CD scans, or official uploads to websites like Bandcamp, YouTube, or SoundCloud are considered primary sources for song metadata. Third party websites such as wikis, databases (vndb, vgmdb, etc.), or music services (Spotify, iTunes, Amazon, etc.) are unreliable and therefore not used for song metadata.

Reviewer: apparently needs a note about FA listing https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1051871

Author: shouldn't need this

> An artist's website, their label's website, CD scans, or official uploads to websites like Bandcamp, YouTube, or SoundCloud are considered primary sources for song metadata. Third party websites such as wikis, databases (vndb, vgmdb, etc.), or music services (Spotify, iTunes, Amazon, etc.) are unreliable and therefore not used for song metadata.

Reviewer: > Third party websites [...] are unreliable

sounds kinda harsh (maybe by accident), the common wikis and databases around just don't follow the same rules that osu! does with metadata.
```suggestion
An artist's website, their label's website, CD scans, and official uploads to websites like Bandcamp, YouTube, and SoundCloud are considered primary sources for song metadata. Third party websites such as wikis, databases (vndb, vgmdb, etc.), and music services (Spotify, iTunes, Amazon, etc.) do not always reflect the artist's intention and should not be treated as primary sources.
```

> Beatmaps are required to use metadata from any primary source they choose, though the [Ranking criteria](/wiki/Ranking_criteria) prioritizes consistency with other Ranked beatmapsets if their metadata matches another primary metadata source.

Reviewer: beatmaps ain't required to do anything
